# OSW_Data
This data comprises: 
(i) A set of wind speed observations obtained from two buoys: E05 Hudson North and E06 Hudson South. The two buoys employ a Zephir zX300M floating lidar technology, and were deployed as part of a measurement campaign by the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) to further our understanding of the offshore wind (OSW) energy areas in the U.S. North Atlantic. The two buoys are ∼77 Km apart, their exact coordinates are 39°58’10"N and 72°43’00"W for E05 and 39°32’50"N and 73°25’45"W for E06, in vicinity to several large-scale ongoing OSW project developments. The observations are recorded in 10-minute intervals at 100-m altitude, which is a common hub-height of typical wind turbine designs. The dataset spans a two-month period starting from 01/11/2019 to 31/12/2019. Original data obtained from: https://oswbuoysny.resourcepanorama.dnvgl.com/ ; 
(ii) Co-located NWP forecasts of wind speed, along with other meteorological variables, from the RU-WRF model, which is a daily real-time version of WRF that has been tailored by the Rutgers University Center for Ocean Observing Leadership (RUCOOL) to the US. North Atlantic OSW energy areas. RU-WRF runs a parent nest at 9 km resolution out to 120 hours and a child nest at 3 km resolution out to 48 hours, generating hourly forecasts of multiple meteorological variables. The NWP forecasts in this dataset have been interpolated using cubic splines in order to align them with the 10-min resolution of the NYSERDA measurements. Original NWP forecasts obtained from: https://rucool.marine.rutgers.edu/data/meteorological-modeling/ruwrf-mesoscale-meteorological-model-forecast/. 

This data is currently being used by our research group to enhance OSW forecasting in the U.S. North Atlantic. A link and citation to our working paper will soon be posted. 
